fix: [MTM-58369] add missing release notes for UI (#1870)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/platform-services/ui-c8y-10-18-32-0-japanese-language-notation-on-add-dashboard-and-add-report-screens.md

---
date: 

> title: Japanese language notation on add dashboard and add report screens

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Improved Japanese translation on "Add dashboard" and "Add report" screens
```

> title: Japanese language notation on add dashboard and add report screens

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
title: Improved Japanese localization of various window titles
```

change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
product_area: Platform services
component:
  - value: component-0UgqXH1Ys
    label: Administration
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-51106
version: 10.18.32.0
---

> Improved the localization of the dialog window titles for adding and editing dashboards and reports. 

Reviewer 2: Should we say "Japanese localization"? That is what the title says.
